chore(docs): document feature flags (#1738)
hashicorp/terraform-cdk: website/docs/cdktf/release/index.mdx

- [Upgrading to v0.7](/cdktf/release/upgrade-guide-v0-7)
- [Upgrading to v0.6](/cdktf/release/upgrade-guide-v0-6)

## Features Flags for 0.11

> CDKTF uses feature flags to enable potentially breaking behaviors in a release. You can use them to change the logic when synthesizing code or CLI features, but they cannot change the logic of the provider generation.

Reviewer: Moving this up, as I think it can be combined with the introduction. But question @DanielMSchmidt - the sentence about how the default is to be set to `true` feels like it directly contradicts the paragraph below this about how how they're disabled by default... help :) 

```suggestion
CDKTF uses feature flags to enable potentially breaking behaviors in a release. You can use them to change the logic when synthesizing code or CLI features, but they cannot change the logic of the provider generation. A feature flag will be introduced in a release, adding it with a default `true` value to the templates used in `cdktf init`. We will print a warning if it's false or not set. Feature flags will be removed in the next minor release, and the standard behavior is the feature flag set to `true`. 
```

Feature flags are disabled by default, so existing projects that do not specify the flag will continue to work as expected with later CDKTF releases. However, new projects created using `cdktf init` include flags enabling all features available in the release that created the project.

Edit the [`cdktf.json` configuration file](/cdktf/create-and-deploy/configuration-file#enable-features) to disable flags for which you prefer the old behavior, or to add flags to enable new behaviors after upgrading. The CHANGELOG contains a description of new feature flags in each release, and the CDKTF source file [features.ts](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/main/packages/cdktf/lib/features.ts) provides a complete list of all feature flags.

### `excludeStackIdFromLogicalIds`

When set, the stack id is excluded from generated logical ids for constructs within the stack. This means constructs that are top-level to the stack will have a logical id that is the same as their construct id.

> When you use nested constructs the mechanism will add a suffix to the logical id to make it unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use nested constructs, the mechanism will add a suffix to the logical id to make it unique.
```

### `allowSepCharsInLogicalIds`

When set, '\_' and '-' are allowed in logical ids.

> ### Lifecycle
> 
> Feature flags can only be used to change the logic when synthesizing code or CLI features. Since we have prebuilt providers we can not change the logic of the provider generation.
> 
> A feature flag will be introduced in a release, adding it with a default `true` value to the templates used in `cdktf init`. We will print a warning if it's false or not set. The feature flag will be removed in the next minor release and the standard behaviour is the feature flag set to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Feature flags are disabled by default, so existing projects that do not specify the flag will continue to work as expected with later CDKTF releases. However, new projects created using `cdktf init` include flags enabling all features available in the release that created the project.

Edit the [`cdktf.json` configuration file](/cdktf/create-and-deploy/configuration-file#enable-features) to disable flags for which you prefer the old behavior, or to add flags to enable new behaviors after upgrading. The CHANGELOG contains a description of new feature flags in each release, and the CDKTF source file [features.ts](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/main/packages/cdktf/lib/features.ts) provides a complete list of all feature flags.

### `excludeStackIdFromLogicalIds`

> When set, the stack id is excluded from generated logical ids for constructs within the stack. This means constructs that are top-level to the stack will have a logical id that is the same as their construct id.
> When you use nested constructs, the mechanism will add a suffix to the logical id to make it unique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set, CDKTF excludes the stack id from generated logical ids for constructs within the stack. Constructs that are top-level to the stack have a logical id that is the same as their construct id. When you use nested constructs, CDKTF adds a suffix to the logical id to make it unique.
```

### `allowSepCharsInLogicalIds`

> When set, '\_' and '-' are allowed in logical ids.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set, CDKTF allows '\_' and '-' in logical ids.
```

> CDKTF uses feature flags to enable potentially breaking behaviors in a release. Feature flags are disabled by default, so existing projects that do not specify the flag will continue to work as expected with later CDKTF releases. New projects created using `cdktf init` include flags enabling all features available in the release that created the project.
> 
> Edit the [`cdktf.json` configuration file](/cdktf/create-and-deploy/configuration-file#enable-features) to disable flags for which you prefer the old behavior, or to add flags to enable new behaviors after upgrading. The CHANGELOG contains a description of new feature flags in each release, and the CDKTF source file [features.ts](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/main/packages/cdktf/lib/features.ts) provides a complete list of all feature flags.
> 
> All feature flags are disabled if not set explicitly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

CDKTF uses feature flags to enable potentially breaking behaviors in a release. You can use them to change the logic when synthesizing code or CLI features, but they cannot change the logic of the provider generation.

Feature flags are disabled by default, so existing projects that do not specify the flag will continue to work as expected with later CDKTF releases. However, new projects created using `cdktf init` include flags enabling all features available in the release that created the project. 

Edit the [`cdktf.json` configuration file](/cdktf/create-and-deploy/configuration-file#enable-features) to disable flags for which you prefer the old behavior, or to add flags to enable new behaviors after upgrading. The CHANGELOG contains a description of new feature flags in each release, and the CDKTF source file [features.ts](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-cdk/blob/main/packages/cdktf/lib/features.ts) provides a complete list of all feature flags.
```

> All feature flags are disabled if not set explicitly.

Reviewer: Quick question for you --> I want to add back in that "we remove feature flags in the next minor release" but then what happens? When we remove the flags, do folks just need to accept the new functionality as is if they upgrade further? What happens to older projects when they upgrade to the next minor version and the flags are removed? Do they still work as expected?

Author: Yes, users have to live with the new functionality (if we don't hear about catastrophic shortcomings). Once you upgrade to a version where the flag is removed you get the new feature as if you added it to the feature flags already

> ### `excludeStackIdFromLogicalIds`

Reviewer: Are these two things feature flags for the next release? If they are, I wonder if we can remove them, as we tell folks that we list all feature flags and descriptions in the changelog. Thoughts?

When set, the stack id is excluded from generated logical ids for constructs within the stack. This means constructs that are top-level to the stack will have a logical id that is the same as their construct id.
When you use nested constructs the mechanism will add a suffix to the logical id to make it unique.

### `allowSepCharsInLogicalIds`

When set, '\_' and '-' are allowed in logical ids.

> ### Lifecycle
> 
> Feature flags can only be used to change the logic when synthesizing code or CLI features. Since we have prebuilt providers we can not change the logic of the provider generation.
> 
> A feature flag will be introduced in a release, adding it with a default `true` value to the templates used in `cdktf init`. We will print a warning if it's false or not set. The feature flag will be removed in the next minor release.

Reviewer: Removing this here in favor of combining it with the existing information above :) 
```suggestion
```
